Folderpath:Test
InputColumnname1:url
InputColumnindex1:2
Comparisonvalue1:nytimes
InputColumnName2:text
InputColumnIndex2:6
Comparisonvalue2:An interesting and informative visual jaunt of several thousand miles, into places like Sumatra, Ceylon, Arabia, the Andaman Islands and Abyssinia, can be taken at the Fifth Avenue Playhouse by witnessing a picture called ""The Lost Empire."" This series of scenes is prefaced by a short talk by Captain Edward A. Salisbury, who, with the assistance of Ernest B. Schoedsack and Merian C. Cooper, is responsible for ""Gow, the Head Hunter,"" this present film and several others to come. Messrs. Cooper and Schoedsack will be remembered as the producers of ""Grass"" and ""Chang."" Mr. Cooper furnished the titles for this current offering and Mr. Schoedsack manipulated the camera.The savage tribes, especially the Pygmies, afford quite a good deal of humor through their queer ideas. A sequence that tickled the risibles of the audience yesterday afternoon was one showing the black widows in mourning wearing either their late husband's jawbone or his skull slung around their necks. These particular small ebony men believe in letting out the devil in children and to do so they nip the flesh with a couple of clam shells. Judging by the innumerable small scars that dot the bodies of the adults they must have been incorrigible as youngsters.In some districts of Abyssinia it is questionable whether the debtor or the creditor has the worst of it. For in one decision handed down by a black Supreme Court justice, the debtor is sentenced to be shackled to the creditor, who must have thanked his lucky stars that only one man owed him coin of the realm.The coiffure of the dusky individuals receives attention by means of shears. Some of the males and females have their own ideas about attractive hair-cuts. There are those who like a firm suggestion of baldness and others who prefer to have a strip of thick hair on the centre of the skull.In Ceylon, Captain Salisbury and his friends photographed native entertainers. There is the man who charmed the hooded cobra and then there are other natives whose forte is sticking skewers through their necks and cheeks. After they succeeded in this none too pleasant task, their expression is hardly one of keen enjoyment.In Abyssinia there is a series of scenes that ought to have received more footage. It shows the Abyssinian warriors gathering from the hills and plains for manoeuvres, the chief feature of which is a wild charge in which the participants appear to become almost hysterical in their zeal to please the Emperor and his generals.These scenes were photographed several years ago, but like other films of this type they can stand the test of age.A Ufa piscatorial study, called ""A Fight for Life,"" is on the surrounding program. While it is by no means as exciting as ""Killing the Killer,"" the film, a battle between a huge lobster and an octopus, is worthy of attention.Abyssinia, &c.THE LOST EMPIRE, a journey through Sumatra, Ceylon, Abyssinia and other places, produced by Captain Edward A. Salisbury, photographed by Ernest B. Schoedsack and edited by Merian Cooper; ""A Fight For Life,"" a German piscatorial study; ""His Royal Slyness,"" an old Harold Lloyd comedy; ""The Stock Exchange."" At the Fifth Avenue Playhouse.The World War once again plays the stellar part on the Cameo program, where the chief attraction is a Jofa film, which was known in Europe as ""Brothers,"" but for the sake of a box-office appeal is called in this country ""U-Boat 9.""So long as this contribution, which reveals the marks of age, keeps to the action aboard submersibles it is quite interesting, but when it takes up its story it is slightly incoherent. It pretends to show the sufferings of a German mother, who marries an Englishman after her first husband dies. She has two German sons and one English son. The German sons are submarine officers, while the English son obtains a commission in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve. This English naval officer is ordered for duty aboard a destroyer.The mother eventually arranges to leave her English home and go to Germany to see her other sons. Through the introduction of a cousin, named Hilda, a romance enters into this picture.In one scene there is a melodramatic conception of one of the sons meeting death in a sunken submarine. Another episode depicts the foundering of a British warship.Sea Fighting.U-BOAT 9, with Gerd Briese, Ernest Hofmann, Fred Solm, Hella Moja, Mathilde Sussin, Fritz Alberti, Hans Mierendorff and Carl Vogt, directed by Heinz Paul; an ""Aesop Fable;"" ""Calling Hubby's Bluff,"" a Mack Sennett comedy. At the Cameo Theatre.
OutputColumnIndex:2